# surfs_up
## Analysis of weather data in Oahu. 
The result of the temperature and the precipitation data for the months of June and December for all the years from all the stations using the describe function is given below. As can be seen the difference is not to drastic. This could be because there are always outliers and years that are too hot or too cold in terms of climate. To combat this issue, we could opt analysis that measures the max temperature for each year in the month of june and December for all stations and compares them. This could also be plotted. This would look something like below. By doing so data points are not ignored and a more detailed analysis is being done. The same can be done for precipitation. This would look like below. 

From the analysis that we have done it is obvious that June has a hotter temperature than December and the December has much more rain than June. This implies that tourists will be prone to visit around June rather than December and hence there would be more customers around June and business might be slow around December. 

This analysis can be expanded to look at all months instead of just June and December to get a better idea about the times there would be more customers and the times ther might be less. To do this the same approach can be taken but now instead of 2 we would have 12 months. Another possible idea for an analysis might be to compare the average temperatures and precipitations of the two months over the years (like done with the max temperatures)
